Q1. what is npm

npm is a package manager for javascript and it is default package manger for node js. npm is where all third
party dependencies are hosted to npm registry so any developer download any third party dependencies from npm
registry. these packages can be anything from small utility functions to large frameworks or tools.

Q2. what is npx 

npx is basically a node js package runner . it is used to execute node js package without installing them globally
it run package directly from npm registry or from locally node_modules folder without installing them globally
it searches for package from locally project dependencies or dev-dependencies and execute using appropriate version

Q3. what is difference between dependencies vs devDependencies ?

if you want to install any package which is only run during development mode then we install those dependencies
in devDependencies ex- npm install -D "package name" otherwise we install packages inside dependencies.

Q4. what is .gitignore ? what should we add and not add into it ?

gitignore is a configuration file which is used by git to determine which file and directiory should be ignored
and not tracked by git. 

1. if any file which should be re-genereated so those file should be add inside gitignore.

2. Log files: Log files generated by the application or development tools.

3. Temporary files: Files created during development that are not essential to the project, like temporary caches or backups.

4. Credentials and sensitive information: Configuration files or files containing API keys, passwords, or other sensitive data.

Q5. what is package.json and package-lock.json ?

The package.json file is a metadata file for your Node.js project The dependencies section of the package.json 
file lists all the packages or libraries that your project depends on. It includes the name of each package
and its version range. When you run npm install, NPM reads the package.json file and installs the specified 
dependencies along with their dependencies recursively.

The package-lock.json file ensures that the same versions of dependencies are installed consistently across different
environments or when collaborating with other developers. It specifies the exact version numbers and dependency 
tree for all the packages installed in your project, including both direct and indirect dependencies.

Q6. what is node_modules ? it is a good idea to push that on git ?

node_modules act like database where all package code was written and NO it is not a good idea to push node_modules on git
because it can be re-generated.

Q7. why should i not modify package-lock json ?

When working in a team, it is essential to have a consistent development environment. By not modifying the package-lock.json
file, all team members will be working with the same set of dependencies, reducing the chances of issues and ensuring 
smoother collaboration.

